oh yeah that's here to look at my pro
FAQ and you'll understand why I'm
showing this here in a minute
there's my ceramic stones oh it's them
where extra and then my boss'll which
drops they were extra as well but here
you go if you want to look you can see
let's get this thing focus in here there
is my Syrah Gore off I just worked on it
in the wicked edge and that's the kind
of edge you get by using this system so
I got a few things on this system I want
to talk about so let's get to it
hi guys I got a few updates here that I
want to pass along to all the people who
subscribe to me who usually kitties or
are looking at getting a wicked ed
system I've got a couple phone calls oh
they one from clay and one from Kyle a
me and clay were just talking about some
stuff and then Kyle called me and wanted
to pass along with some information
about the new stuff some new stuff
coming up with the wicked edge so what
they have going on is for all of these
customers that are currently only week
it is currently use the wicked edge
system and if you're looking at
upgrading to the new ball joints what
they've got is two different upgrade
packages for the new arms and what they
are is of course the new arms have the
ball joint with the micro adjustments
and they come with a riser
that raises the clamp system of and for
that particular system excuse me guys as
an upgrade for the gist of the arms and
the riser you're looking at 120 dollars
excuse me for upgrade number two which
is gonna be the new arms along with the
riser and what they're gonna do is
they're gonna add in an angle Q and for
that particular upgrades you're gonna be
looking at around $155
so before anybody starts leaving crap on
my page I'm passing alone the process
ain't got nothin to do with me I'm just
letting you know also right now they
have a pro packing one and the pro
packing one comes with the base the
generation 2 wicked AIDS and then the
100 200 400 600 800 thousand and then a
set of leathers drops with a warning
point 5 micron paste that's what the pro
pack comes with now I have that
particular pack but what I've done is I
bought an extra set of leathers and I
bought a set of balsa wood straps and
then I actually bought the ceramics
which are 1200 and 1600
it's what the grit is on them but I
bought a set of blank leathers drops and
a blank set of balsa wood drops because
I set mine up just a little bit
different my boss'll wood straps are set
up at 5 and 3 point 5 micron and then my
leather straps are set up at 1 in point
5 and that's kind of how I wanted to set
mine up so that's the way my system is
set up now
wicked edge is gonna offer a pro pack
version 2 or a pro pack 2 and the Pro
Pack 2 is gonna come with the generation
2 sharpener systems as this one it's
gonna come with a quartz stone base and
it's gonna have the 100 200 400 600 800
thousand Diamond stones and then it's
also going to come with a micro fine
ceramic stone which are the same stones
were made by same cousin who makes
Spyderco chart maker stones and there
will be a 1.4 micron in a point 6 micron
ceramic stone and then they'll come with
the leather straps as well which will be
1.5 micron straw and then also the Pro
Pack too will come with the new ball
joint arms and a risers and an angle
cube so we'll let you know how all
that's going to come up and so you're
gonna be looking from that set up it's
six hundred and seventy five dollars now
I know guys you think that my fellow
state and it is a little bit more than
the three ninety version of the pro fact
one but you're getting another set of
ceramic stones you're getting the new
balls going arms and you're getting an
angle cube as well so guys you know in
retrospect it's actually a pretty good
deal anyway guys I wanted this pass
alone there's new information that I
have received from wicked aids and let
you know kind of what was going on and
what they're telling me is they're
looking at about a two week time frame
so they have this stuff ready to go
tentatively so you know it's not set in
stone but we're looking at about two
weeks for these new orbs we're ready to
go out gasps I appreciate you watching
my videos make sure you check out wicked
edge usa.com
you haven't would enjoy yourself stay
sharp and be safe
see you guys